As a user I want to be able to draw any shape and move it anywhere. 
1. Description:
A user can draw any shape by providing the correct dimensions and providing a specific format of display.
A user can also move the shape as they wish to any location. 
A user will be allowed to calculate the perimeter along with the area of any shape. 
1. Tasks:
        Implement an Abstract Base Class with derived classes to create user friendly client code. 
        The client should be able to use the idea of polymorphism to create easy readable code that will be compatible for any derived class. 
1. Tests:
        Verify that the classes are displaying the correct shapes with the correct properties in the gui.
        Verify that the constructors are storing the values correctly. 
        Verify that the client will be able to move any shape anywhere.
        Verify that the perimeter and area are being calculated and returned correctly. 
1. Assignee: 
        Sam, implement the abstract base class with the derived classes, assure every shape has its proper data members. 
        All team members understand how the class Qpainter works in order to accomplish drawing shapes. 
1. Estimation:
        4
1. Priority:
        7
1. Done:
        User is able to draw any shape with certain specific properties. 
        User is able to move any shape anywhere on the gui
        User is able to calculate the perimeter along with the area of the shape.


























As a user I would like to see any shape in a rendering window so that I can display other shapes on that window. 
1. Description:
I can view any shape in a rendering area with specific dimensions. 
I view all graphic objects involving text in rendering window. 
I can view the shape Id above each shape identifying it. 
1. Tasks:
        The rendering area must have a minimum of 1000 pixels horizontally and 500 pixels vertically. 
Displaying each shape appropriately on a given area of 1000 by 500 pixels. 
Create an easy to see display for the user.          
1. Tests:
        Verify that the shapes fit appropriately on the window.  
        Verify that all shapes are being displayed on the window correctly.
1. Assignee: 
        Every member will be expected to know how the gui interface works and displays the appropriate content.
        Sam and Eunsoo will work on creating a 1000 by 500 pixel rendering window to display the shapes read from the file. 
1. Estimation:
        5
1. Priority: 
        8
1. Done:
        User will be able to see all of his or her shapes in a rendering window. 
















































As a developer I want to learn the mechanics of github and understand how to use it efficiently to produce synergy. 
1. Description:
2. Tasks:
3. Tests:
4. Assignee:
5. Estimation:
6. Priority:
7. Done: